lonely brothers
answering the tango from the fara and
I'm going to be on strictly from the
lonely threader's I've been levitating
for 48 hours
Carla vats but wet my feet enough to
dance we're here the Winter Garden join
we put a request after people come along
and take up dancing BBC learning said
what they wanted to do was to give this
strictly touch to anybody that was out
there they've had an opportunity of
learning steps and we've learned how to
that was half into it when we get in our
house
give them the feel of what the
celebrities like yourself Dominik gone
through the pain
just to see people having a good time
not taking it so seriously you know I
think they enjoyed it a lot so we did as
well so yeah it really has been an
amazing success here there's a lot of
enjoyment in the air to tell you that
much
it's worth the trip so much worth the
trip
absolutely fantastic